Fix broken link in readme (#2035)
ManimCommunity/manim: README.md

Contributions to Manim are always welcome. In particular, there is a dire need for tests and documentation. For contribution guidelines, please see the [documentation](https://docs.manim.community/en/stable/contributing.html).

> Most developers on the project use [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) for management. You'll want to have poetry installed and available in your environment. You can learn more about `poetry` and how to use it at its [documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most developers on the project use `poetry` for management. You'll want to have poetry installed and available in your environment. 
Learn more about `poetry` at its [documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) and find out how to install manim with poetry at the [manim dev-installation guide](https://docs.manim.community/en/stable/contributing/development.html) in the manim documentation.
```

Reviewer: One link should point to the docs for the manim dev-installation guide with poetry.
Thanks for finding the broken link!
